# Lending_Club_Customers_Data_Analysis_and_Random_Forest_Project
Lending Club Customers Data Analysis and Random Forest Project  For this project we will be exploring publicly available data from [LendingClub.com](www.lendingclub.com). Lending Club connects people who need money (borrowers) with people who have money (investors). As an investor you would want to invest in people who showed a profile of having a high probability of paying you back. We will attempt to create a model that will help to predict in which kind of customers investors should invest. Lending club had an [interesting year in 2016](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lending_Club#2016).  We will keep this context in mind. This data is from before they went public. We will use lending data from 2007-2010 and attempt to classify and predict whether or not the borrower paid back their loan in full. You can download the data from [here](https://www.lendingclub.com/info/download-data.action) or use the csv already provided. The csv provided has been cleaned of NA values. #### Applied Methods in this project 1) A Decision Tree Model and Random Forest Model is fit to the data, with the aim to predict if a loan was fully paid by a customer or not, and the results interpreted.     2) Interesting visualizations helps with the interpretation of the data: * A histogram displayng the numbers of customers who fulfilled (or who did not fulfill) the credit underwriting criteria of LendingClub.com.  The customers were plotted according to their FICO score. * A histogram plotting the customers according to their FICO scores, but distinguish between customers who fully paid their loan and those who did not fully pay their loan. * A jointplot displaying the interest rates customers received taking into account their FICO scores. * A lmplot() showing the relationships between the FICO score of customers and the interest rate they received for both customers that fulfilled and those who did not fulfill the credit underwriting criteria of Lending Club.  The plot displays a plot for custormers who fully paid their loan and for those who did not fully pay their loan.  Libraries used in this project are Pandas, Seaborn, Matplotlib and Scikit-learn. This project was done through Jose Portilla (head of Data Science at Pierian Data Inc.) on Udemy (Python for Data Science and Machine Learning Bootcamp).
